Add pygame.typing module (#3002)
pygame-community/pygame-ce: docs/reST/ref/typing.rst

.. include:: common.txt

:mod:`pygame.typing`
====================

.. module:: pygame.typing
   :synopsis: pygame module providing common typehints

| :sl:`pygame module providing common typehints`

> .. versionadded:: 2.5.1

Reviewer: needs updating now

        * ``"abcdefg"``
        * ``[a, b, c, d, ...]``
        * ``(a, b, c, d, ...)``

      Being a generic, subscribing it will signal further precision such as
      ``SequenceLike[str]`` or ``SequenceLike[float]``.
      
   .. data:: Coordinate

      A sequence of two numbers (floats or ints), i.e:

        * ``pygame.Vector2(a, b)`` 
        * ``[a, b]``
        * ``(a, b)``

   .. data:: IntCoordinate

      A sequence of strictly two integers such as ``[a, b]`` or ``(a, b)``.

   .. data:: RGBATuple

      A tuple of four integers ``(r, g, b, a)`` in range 0-255 such as ``(20, 255, 0, 100)``.

   .. data:: ColorLike

      An object representing a color such as a mapped integer, a string or
      a sequence of three or four integers in range 0-255, types supported by
      every function accepting a color argument. i.e.:

        * ``pygame.Color(ColorLike)``
        * ``(r, g, b)``
        * ``(r, g, b, a)``
        * ``[r, g, b, a]``
        * ``"green"``
        * ``0`` (mapped color)

   .. data:: RectLike
      
      An object representing a rect such as a sequence of numbers or coordinates

>       or an object with a rect attribute or a method returning a rect. This types
>       are supported by every function accepting a rect as argument. i.e.:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      or an object with a rect attribute or a method returning a rect. This type
      is supported by every function accepting a rect as argument. i.e.:
```

Author: why should it be singular? i listed multiple types in the sentence.

Reviewer 2: Then it would be ``These`` and not ``This`` . I thought you were talking about ``Rectlike``.

Author: ah that's just some silly grammar mistake of mine
